The Combat Coin
	At the start of a combat encounter, the GM flips the Combat Coin to begin the first round. The Combat Coin has two sides, one is Angels (heads) and the other is Daemons (tails). The side flipped goes first. There are different types of rounds with some slight variation between them, for example the first round is referred to as Dusk.
Sides of the Coin; Angels, Daemons.. & Limbo?
	Angels are the defenders in combat; the creature(s) or thing(s) that is being assaulted.
	Daemons are the aggressors in combat, the creature(s) or thing(s) that is actively assaulting.
	Limbo is a special turn for unaligned, uninterested, and/or a neutral creature(s) or thing(s) to act.
	Sides are dynamic and greatly up to interpretation, left to the GM to discern what creatures are ascribed to what side. It is important to note that a combat cannot exist without an Angel *and* Daemon, there is no such thing as a Angel (or Daemon) and Limbo only combat encounter. The intentions and goals of the creatures are unimportant to which side they are on on the Combat Coin, it is purely boiled down to the aggressor and defender.
	For example, if the player characters attack a guard barracks the guards are Angels and the player characters are Daemons. If the player characters are wanted and are actively being hunted down by guards the player characters are Angels and the guards are Daemons. If the player characters find themselves in a back alley scuffle with some bandits, and a group of guards walking by wouldn't have the context of the fight and therefor are acting neutrally, the player characters are Angels and the bandits are Daemons or vice versa, and the guards act on Limbo.
Types of Rounds; Dusk, Twilight, & Dawn
	Dusk
	-Always the first round of a combat encounter
	-At the beginning of the round the Combat Coin is flipped
	-There is never a Limbo side during Dusk
	Twilight
	-Any round that falls between Dusk and Dawn
	-Limbo sides happen after both Angel and Daemon sides are finished
	Dawn
	-Always the final round of a combat encounter
	-Overkill mechanic
Words, words, words! What do they mean?
	Rounds: A round is how long it takes for all Angel, Daemon, and Limbo turns to finish. When all these turns are completed the round ends and a new round begins. A round takes 12 in game seconds and assumes all sides and turns happen simultaneously for the sake of a cohesive mental image of combat.
	Sides: Sides are the core three parts of the Combat Coin being Angels, Daemons, and Limbo. These sides are measured in how long it takes for each given creature or thing on a given side to take its turn.
	Turns: A single creature or thing's turn which is over when the player or DM controlling them declares it.