**What Are Traits?**
	Traits are the most important thing on your character sheet. Just about everything in the game is interacted with through your Traits. More specifically, your Trait Dice. Your Trait Dice are your measurement of skill in the most basic sense of your character. They represent at a fundamental level what your character is good and bad at. There are five Physical Traits and five Social Traits, each utilized in different ways and situations. The five Physical Traits are Constitution, Psyche, Perception, Dexterity, and Strength. The five Social Traits are Ardor, Cogency, Resolve, Guile, and Daunt.

**Physical Traits**
What Are Physical Traits?
	Your Physical Traits represent your overall physique, how good you are at hitting and taking hits. Physical Trait Dice are used for things like resisting a poison, dodging a strike, attacking with your weapon, or climbing a rocky cliff face.
Strength
	Strength represents your raw muscle, brawn, force, and might. Strength is used to make melee attacks, shove enemies off of you, block incoming attacks, and calculate additional movement tiles.
Dexterity
	Dexterity represents your agility, finesse, quickness, and grace. Dexterity is used to make melee attacks, dodge incoming attacks, move around stealthily, and interact with most items.
Perception
	Perception represents how keen your senses are, how quick your reaction time is, and how aware you are of your surroundings. Perception is used to sense things in your environment, use ranged weapons, and parry away attacks.
Psyche
	Psyche represents your mind's mental health and fortitude. Psyche plays a large roll in resisting negative status effects like being Frightened or Frenzied. Psyche is also used during HP and Poise point calculation. It is important to note that Psyche is *not* a measurement of your intelligence but rather your mind's endurance when put under stress and how easily you snap.
Constitution
	Constitution represents your body's physical health and fortitude. Constitution plays a large roll in resisting negative status effects like being Toxicated or set Ablaze. Constitution is also used during HP and Poise point calculation. Any harmful or strenuous task or situation you put your body through will test your Constitution.

**Social Traits**
What Are Social Traits?
	Your Social Traits represent your character's personality. The opinions your character forms, the goals they orient themselves towards, the solutions they come up with to solve problems. Social Traits are all about roleplaying your character in social encounters. Bartering for better prices, persuading someone's opinion, or lying your way through a sticky situation.
Ardor
	Ardor represents your emotional side, how passionately you feel positive emotions like love, joy, and enthusiasm or negative emotions like hatred and jealousy. A character with a high Ardor trait might be someone who has a great capacity for strong emotions like love and hatred, has a hard time controlling their emotions, or might feel very confident in how they express their emotions. A character with a low Ardor trait might have a hard time expressing their own feelings or might be generally apathetic towards both good and bad situations. A player will be asked to make an Ardor roll when trying to persuade someone of their opinion by appealing to compassion, guilt, love, hatred, and other strong primal emotions.
Cogency
	Cogency represents your logical side, how good your analyzing and reasoning skills are as well as your lucidity, clarity, and plausibility when expressing your opinions and ideas. Cogency is often misrepresented as intelligence, when in reality Cogency is more so how well spoken and composed you are. A character with a high Cogency trait might be very quiet preferring to spend their time analyzing people in their company, and when they do speak the thought has been through much internal deliberation and comes out as very clear and concise. A character with a low Cogency trait will often act before thinking, might be prone to overreacting over small inconveniences, or may start speaking before finishing a thought. A player will be asked to make a Cogency roll when trying to persuade someone of their opinion by using facts, information, plausibility, and honesty to get a point across.
Resolve
	Resolve represents your determination, how fervently you will pursue a goal you set for yourself regardless of whether it's material gain or devotion to a task. A character with a high Resolve trait might have a strong will or sense of bravery, will be very persistent when trying to get what they want, or won't lose hope or be discouraged easily. A character with a low Resolve trait might be quick to anger, become frustrated, or give up when things don't go as they want, or may easily crack under a lot of stress. A player will be asked to make a Resolve roll when trying to persuade someone of their opinion by appealing to honor or duty, or when trying to overcome someone else's will such as haggling for better prices.
Guile
	Guile represents your cunning, how well you can get your way with people by lying, cheating, manipulating, and evading the truth. A character with a high Guile trait might have a lot of sly "street smarts", innately be a very good actor, or not enjoy following rules or laws to get their way. A character with a low Guile trait might not be a very good liar, not think to cheat or exploit their way out a situation, and might get easily confused or manipulated. A player will be asked to make a Guile roll when trying to lie their way out of a situation, trying to distract someone's attention away, or when trying to pass themselves off as someone they're not.
Daunt
	Daunt represents how intimidating you are, how well you can get your way by scaring someone into doing what you want or by imposing your strong presence onto them. A character with a high Daunt trait might have a powerful presence or imposing voice, have a scary or intimidating appearance, or say things that are terrifying or unnerving. A character with a low Daunt trait might have a very meek voice and appearance or have a hard time asserting their opinions and ideas. A player will be asked to make a Daunt roll when trying to get someone to do something by demanding, intimidating, scaring, or threatening them.

**Allocating Your Traits**
	When making your character the very first step is allocating your Trait Dice across your traits. You have nine Physical Trait Dice and nine Social Trait Dice that you assign to the traits you'd like to be good at. Each trait can have a maximum of three dice assigned to it. This means that if you wish you can have zero Trait Dice assigned to a trait but it is highly advised to have at least one die in every trait. You gain more Trait Dice as you level up.
	Here's an example of what your character's traits might look like:
	CON: 2
	PSY: 1
	PER: 2
	DEX: 1
	STR: 3
	-
	ARD: 3
	COG: 1
	RES: 3
	GUL: 1
	DNT: 1