**Calculating Hit Points**
	Sometimes you find yourself in a position where preventing damage with a defensive action just isn't possible. When you take damage you lose an equivalent amount of Hit Points (HP), if you reach 0 you begin Dying, and if you don't get help you die.
	When determining the amount of HP you have roll your class's Hit Point Die (1d12 for Defense classes, 1d10 for Offense and Utility classes, and 1d8 for Support classes) and then add 2 HP for every one Constitution and Psyche Trait Die you have. When rolling your Hit Point Die after a level up, always re-roll ones. Alternatively, you can use the average of your class's Hit Point Die rounded up instead (7 for Defense classes, 6 for Offense and Utility classes, and 5 for Support classes).
	For example, a level one Offense (1d10) class character with 2 CON and 2 PSY that uses their Hit Point Die average would have 14 maximum HP.

**Calculating Poise Points**
	So much information about Poise and spending Poise points but let's finally get to calculating how many points you actually have.
	When determining the amount of Poise points you have multiply all your Trait Dice by 2, then add 2 points for every Constitution and Psyche Trait Die you have.
	For example, a level one character with 2 CON and 2 PSY has 18 total Trait Dice, 9 Physical Trait Dice and 9 Social Trait Dice, so their Poise point maximum would be 40.

**Calculating Hit VT**
	When a creature attempts to make an attack action against you it roll against your Hit VT to determine whether it succeeds without your intervention. Your Hit VT is simple to calculate, being equal to the total amount of Physical Trait Dice you have. So at level 1 with nine Physical Trait Dice, your Hit VT is 9.