**Measuring Time**
	When keeping track of time is necessary the GM decides how long a task will take depending on what's being done and taking into account successes and failures on rolls that may result in quickening or slowing the task. Traveling over large distances is generally measured in days, briefly going over any notable moments during the day's travel. When doing something over the course of a day time is measured in hours between both traveling and activities. Combat is very quick, each round only takes 10 seconds in game.

**Resting & Sleeping**
	After a long day of activities players will have expended many of their Poise points and possibly their Hit Points. In order to regain these two key resources, among other things, players must take a well deserved rest. For every uninterrupted one hour of resting a creature regains an amount of Poise and Hit Points equal to its level plus the amount of Constitution and Psyche Trait Dice it has. Being attacked, losing Hit Points, taking any action that expends Poise points,  or any other strenuous situation or action will interrupt a rest.
	Most creatures require sleep or some other form of extended downtime for energy recovery. When a creature sleeps it gains the Unconscious status effect and rests for at least 6 hours. A creature gains the benefits of every hour it sleeps as if it was resting, but has only successfully slept once the full 6 hours pass uninterrupted. A creature that requires sleep that goes 24 hours without sleeping gains 1 tier of exhaustion for every hour it it stays awake afterward.

**Exhaustion**
	When a creature overexerts itself or going through something very stressful on its body is gains tiers of the exhaustion. For every tier of exhaustion a creature has it is prevented from gaining the benefits of one hour of resting. A creature gains 2 levels of exhaustion every time it gains the Poise Fatigue status effect or begins dying. For every one hour of resting it loses a tier of exhaustion. A creature that gains 12 tiers of exhaustion becomes Unconscious for 4 hours during which the Unconscious status effect cannot be ended in any other way.