Not everything that can kill you is a bloodthirsty beast on the prowl for its next meal. Simple things like the elements or other similar passive hazards can be equally as dangerous.

**Fire**
	Upon coming into physical contact with an open flame a creature takes 1d6 fire damage. If a creature starts its turn in physical contact with a considerable amount of flames for its size it must roll its Constitution Trait Dice. If the roll meets or exceeds a VT of 12 it only takes the 1d6 fire damage from touching the flame. On a failure it gains the Ablaze status effect. A creature with the Ablaze status effect takes 1d10 fire damage at the start of each of its turns. Fire with a level of heat higher than normal might have a higher VT.

**Water & Suffocation**
	A creature that needs to breathe can hold its breath for an amount of rounds equal to the amount of Constitution Trait Dice it has multiplied by 2. It is assumed a creature needs to breathe unless otherwise specified. When a creature that needs to breathe can no longer hold its breath and is in an environment it cannot breathe in such as underwater it begins suffocating. A suffocating creature takes 2d6 damage of no specific type at the starts of each of its turns and gains the Dying status effect if it suffocates for 3 or more rounds without breathing.

**Falling**
	Creatures and objects in free fall cannot use any movement tiles other than flying and hovering, and can fall a distance of five tiles before taking damage. For every tile it falls after that it takes 1d4 damage upon hitting a surface unless prevented by some means. A creature or object falls ten tiles per turn, and takes this movement at the ends of each turn in a combat until it is no longer falling.

**Radiation Zones**
	Locations flooded with lethal doses of lingering radiation will deal damage over time to creatures that are not accustomed to such an environment. For every hour a creature spends in an irradiated environment it takes 6d4 radiation damage. This damage also reduces the creature's maximum HP by the amount of damage dealt. This maximum HP damage is healed after resting for at least 1 hour.

**Traps**
	Traps pose a hidden and dangerous threat to creatures who tread into them. A creature can identify the presence of a trap by taking a Search action against the trap's identify VT. A trap's identify VT varies wildly per trap and the creature it was set by. When setting a trap take the Hide action with it, the number rolled represents how well it's hidden and sets the identify VT for how difficult it is to spot. When a creature triggers a trap it isn't aware of it is considered surprised the same as if by a stealthing creature, though a combat does not necessarily have to start. Traps can range from a multitude of triggers and have a multitude of results, far too many possibilities to detail the specifics of each trap here.