Some abilities and actions specify area of effect, or referred to as AOE, shapes such as cones and spheres instead of individual targets. Instead of needing to be targeted and subsequently hit, a creature that is simply occupying a tile where the AOE is present will be effected by whatever the AOE does. The one exception to this is if a creature takes the Block action against the origin of the area of effect. 

**AOE Keywords**
All area of effect abilities, actions, items, or anything else that utilizes an AOE will refer to its dimensions and other effects commonly shared between AOEs as keywords. The keyword definitions are listed below:
- Origin - An AOE's origin is the place from which the AOE begins and is measured from. All AOE's have an origin. This origin is what the radius of circle and sphere AOEs are measured from, and is the point from which all cones extend from.
- Range - An AOE's range is the amount of tiles from its starting point that it extends. For circle and sphere AOEs its range is its radius. For cones the range is the amount of tiles it extends away from its starting point (and subsequently its widest diameter).
- Diameter - Only cones refer to this keyword. Cones only have a specific diameter if the diameter is different from what it would be normally. A cone with no specific diameter just assumes its normal calculation.
- Lingering - A lingering AOE means after initial activation the AOE stays as a consistent threat (or boon) to things occupying its space. A lingering AOE cannot be blocked with the Block action but can be dodged as normal. A lingering AOE will specify the duration that it lingers for before ending.
- Clinging - A clinging AOE means after initial activation if the origin is moved in some way the AOE moves with it. Only lingering AOEs can cling to their target.
- Amorphous - An amorphous AOE means that its effects will shift and morph to accommodate the space around it, allowing it to turn corners and travel through small spaces. Amorphous AOEs cannot be avoided using cover or by using the Block action.

**Common AOE Shapes**
There are a variety of shapes that AOEs can feasibly come in but there are 3 that are most commonly used: circles, spheres, and cones.
- Circles - Circles are simple 2D shapes that that will only effect enemies standing on an equal planes with them. A circle's radius is always measured from its origin. Circles are traditionally used horizontally but can feasibly be used vertically or in any other direction if it makes sense per the ability.
- Spheres - Spheres are the 3D equivalent of the circle, and the main difference being that its 3rd dimension gives it space above and below the origin that can be effected. A sphere's radius is always measured from its starting point.
- Cones - Cones are simple to understand shapes, the point of a cone is always the origin and the range of the cone not only dictates how far it reaches but also its diameter. The diameter of a cone is assumed to be equal to its range unless otherwise specified.