When approaching a situation stealthily there are numerous environmental factors and potential actions you can take to minimize your chances of being detected. Below is the base rules for stealthing against a creature's perception of you, and things you can use to you advantage to possibly reduce the chances of being detected.

**Entering Stealth**
	After declaring that you're stealthing all your total movement tiles are reduced by half. You can only gain the benefits (or penalties) of environmental and creature specific stealth conditions while actively stealthing in this way. While stealthing you have a "passive" stealth equal to the total amount of Dexterity Trait Dice you have multiplied by 2. Beginning to stealth requires an action. Being detected by a creature you're trying to avoid detection from will take you out of stealth. You are also taken out of stealth if you do something that would reasonably alert nearby creatures to your immediate location such as shooting a loud gun.

**Sensing A Stealthing Creature**
	Because a stealthing creature is actively attempting to avoid the detection of another creature, sensing it is a more difficult and involved process. If you are not actively trying to sense the stealthing creature you have a passive perception equal to the total amount of Perception Trait Dice you have, multiplied by 3. Between the passively stealthing creature and the passively perceiving creature the creature with the higher total succeeds. If the totals are equal, the perceiving creature always succeeds against the stealthing creature. When actively trying to sense a stealthing creature take the Search action against the creature's stealth total.

**Stealth Conditions**
	There are a variety of environmental and creature specific conditions to take into account while stealthing that can impose advantages or disadvantages on your chances of successfully remaining undetected.
Lighting
	The level of light present in a space should be taken into account when stealthing. While in a "bright" area you have 1 Negative Die applied to your Hide actions. While in a "dark" area you have 1 Positive Die applied to your Hide actions.
Cover
	You can use partial and full cover to your advantage while stealthing. While in partial and full cover you have 2 Positive Dice applied to your Hide actions. Additionally, a creature cannot sense another creature that's in full cover with sight. It can only sense a creature with a sense, other than sight, that it has unique sense in (Ex: an average creature cannot sense another creature in full cover with hearing unless it has Pinpoint Hearing).
Creature Detection: Direct Line of Sight
	A creature that isn't blind has a lingering field of view cone originating from itself pointing in the general direction its facing/looking representing its line of sight. A creature that enters this field of view and doesn't take the Hide action is immediately detected regardless of its passive stealth. This cone has a range equal to the creature's passive perception multiplied by two with a minimum range of 3 tiles. While taking the Search action the range of this cone is tripled.
Creature Detection: Pinpoint Hearing & Smell
	A creature that has Pinpoint Hearing or Pinpoint Smell has a lingering sphere originating around them. A stealthing creature that enters this sphere and doesn't take the Hide action is immediately detected regardless of its passive stealth. This sphere has a diameter equal to the amount of Perception Trait Dice the creature has. While taking the Search action the diameter of this sphere is tripled.
*Creature Detection Optional Rule:*
	Constantly calculating, measuring, and referring to AOE shapes and their ranges/diameters can easily get cumbersome and exhausting during a stealth focused encounter. These shapes, ranges, and diameters can easily be generalized and "eye-balled" by a GM to make stealth encounters smoother and quicker.

**The Hide Action:**
Hiding | 3 Poise points | Action
	The Hide action is the more involved and "active" variant of "passive" stealth. When taking the Hide action declare what you're doing to attempt to hide and roll your Strength or Dexterity Trait Dice depending on what you're doing to hide. You can take the Hide action as a defensive action in response to entering a creature's field of view or pinpoint sound/smell range. When taking the Hide action as a defensive action in this way you have 3 Negative Dice applied to your roll. You can only take the Hide action while stealthing, and cannot take the Hide action during the same round you begin stealthing.

**Surprising A Creature**
	Surprising is your primary way of getting the jump on an unsuspecting creature. You can only surprise a creature while you're stealthing and the creature cannot sense you. Surprising require no action or specific trigger, simply declaring that you're surprising the creature will begin combat with it surprised. After successfully surprising a creature you begin combat with some advantages. The Combat Coin is not flipped and is instead automatically Daemons, and all Angels side creatures that are surprised suffer from the Staggered 2 status effect, have their Hit VTs reduced by 5, and they must expend Trait Dice to take Free actions until the end of the Dusk round. When beginning combat by surprising a creature you are always Daemons.

**Situational Subjectivity | Stealth Common Sense**
	Stealth is intrinsically subjective to the specific situation its being used in with a lot of situations that call for GMs to make rulings on the spot. Things such as determining what is reasonably considered dark and bright lighting or what is considered non-cover, partial cover, and full cover must consistently be ruled on the fly. It is also left to the GM to throw in unaccounted for advantages or disadvantages to the stealthing or perceiving creatures. For example a GM might give a penalty to a creature's perception while it is being distracted, or a penalty to a creature's stealth while carrying something heavy. Specific rules for enemy cognition, memory, and object permanence are needless and are innately implied (i.e. if a creature hides in a location the perceiving creature just recently saw them in, the likelihood that hiding there would work should be low and the GM should impose some kind of ruling to enforce that).

***Optional Rule: Turn Based Stealth***
	*Some encounters might be made with large emphasis on stealth. Because of large scale stealth encounters that might be best played on a map and in with proper party and enemy turns, some players may prefer turn based stealth. When using turn based stealth flip the Combat Coin to determine the order of sides, but do not initiate combat or count rounds. Each side goes one after the other as normal. While stealthing during turn based stealth surprising an enemy does not immediately begin combat or take you out of stealth. Instead, the alerted creatures will be surprised until the end of their next side. If they are not all incapacitated in some way by the end of their side, then combat begins as normal and you are taken out of stealth.*