**What Are Senses**
	Your senses are your means of perceiving the world around you with the five core types of sensory information: Sight, Hearing, Smell, Feeling, and Taste. Beside Taste, all types of senses have sub-categories that differ from the average representation of that type of sense in some way. A creature with a unique sense type always has a maximum range at which it can use that sense. Though, this does not mean a creature is blind beyond that distance it only means it doesn't gain the benefits of that unique sense within the range. It is assumed that all creatures have all five senses unless otherwise specified.

**Types of Sight**
- Pinpoint - A creature with pinpoint sight can see difficult to see creatures and objects without taking the Search action. You have 2 Positive Dice applied to your Search actions relating to sight. The range of your field of view cone is doubled.
- Infra-vision - A creature with infra-vision can see creatures by the amount of heat they emit. This includes sensing Invisible creatures.
- Darkvision - A creature with darkvision can see in dark environments without any penalty. Creatures do not gain any bonus from being in dark lighting while stealthing or hiding from you.
- Motionvision - A creature with motionvision can see creatures and objects by their movement.

**Types of Hearing**
- Pinpoint - A creature with pinpoint hearing can hear creatures and objects that are making sound without taking the Search action. This includes sensing Invisible creatures. You gain the benefits of the Pinpoint Hearing Sphere specified under [[6. Stealth]].
- Echolocation - A creature with echolocation can sense moving creatures and objects by emanating a specific sound. This includes sensing Invisible creatures.

**Types of Smell**
- Pinpoint - A creature with pinpoint smell can sense creatures and objects that have scents without taking the Search action. This includes sensing Invisible creatures. You gain the benefits of the Pinpoint Hearing Sphere specified under [[6. Stealth]].

**Types of Feeling**
- Tremorsense - A creature with tremorsense can sense creatures and objects that are making vibrations/moving. This includes sensing Invisible creatures.
- Heatsense - A creature with heatsense can sense creatures and objects by how hot they are. This includes sensing Invisible creatures.
- Energysense - A creature with energysense can sense creatures and objects by how much electrical charge they hold. This includes sensing Invisible creatures.
- Soulsense - A creature with soulsense can sense creatures with an elevated level of sentience/consciousness. This includes sensing Invisible creatures.