**The Combat Coin**
The Combat Coin
	At the start of a combat encounter, the GM flips the Combat Coin to begin the first round. The Combat Coin has two sides, one is angels (heads) and the other is daemons (tails). The side flipped goes first. There are different types of rounds with some slight variation between them, for example the first round is referred to as dusk.
Sides of the Coin; Angels, Daemons.. & Limbo?
	Angels are the defenders in combat; the creatures or things that are being assaulted.
	Daemons are the aggressors in combat, the creatures or things that are actively assaulting.
	Limbo is a special turn for unaligned, uninterested, and/or neutral creatures or things to act.
	Sides are dynamic and greatly up to interpretation, left to the GM to discern what creatures are ascribed to what side. It is important to note that a combat cannot exist without an angel *and* daemon, there is no such thing as an angel (or daemon) and limbo only combat encounter. The intentions and goals of the creatures are unimportant to which side they are on on the Combat Coin, it is purely boiled down to the aggressor and defender.
	For example, if the player characters attack a bandit camp the bandits are angels and the player characters are daemons. If the player characters are actively being hunted down by the bandits the player characters are angels and the bandits are daemons. If the player characters get into a combat with the bandits in a populated settlement the player characters and bandits are either angels and daemons, and unaligned bystanders act on limbo.

**Tracking Turns & Synergy**
Open Turns
	If there are multiple creatures on a coin side, those creatures can take their turns in any order they wish. A creature gets one turn per round.
Synergy
	Unpredictable but helpful, synergy is another tool under a player's belt to encourage inter-party strategy during combat. At the start of a combat encounter, after the Combat Coin has been flipped, each player rolls a d10 Synergy Die. Players who roll the same number as another player are considered synergized for the duration of the triggering combat encounter, gaining access to Synergy actions. Players can only use Synergy actions with creatures they're Synergized with. Players who roll a number separate from any other player act individually. Creatures beside player characters do not have access to synergy unless otherwise specified.

**Tracking Rounds**
Through the Night
	Combat is kept track of with rounds that give measure and structure to the flow of a combat encounter. Rather than counting rounds by one, two, three and so on rounds are kept track of with the Through the Night system. There are three types of rounds that each are slightly separate from one another, with some individual caveats to each. There are many abilities from creatures, classes, mods, etcetera that are tied to these rounds.
Types of Rounds; Dusk, Twilight, & Dawn
	Dusk
		Dusk is always the first round of a combat encounter. Before anything happens on this round the Combat Coin is flipped to determine the order of sides. Then the players roll their Synergy Dice to determine whether any synergies happen during the fight. During the dusk round there is *never* a limbo side.
	Twilight
		Twilight is any round that happens between the dusk and dawn rounds, meaning they are feasibly infinite. During twilight the limbo side of the Combat Coin acts at the end of each round.
	Dawn
		Dawn is the final round of a combat encounter. Dawn is a special round which only happens once all creatures on an angels or daemons side are reduced to 0 HP or are incapacitated in some other way. Combats that resolve peacefully or are avoided in some way after beginning do not have a dawn round. Additionally, creatures with mod tiers who take damage while at 0 HP go into Overkill.

**Turns, Sides, & Rounds; The Difference**
	These three terms each have their own meaning and are not used interchangeably. A creature has one turn per side during which they take all their actions beside moving. Sides are best described as "teams" during which each member of that team takes its turn and each can move independent of its turn. There are always at least two sides per round, possibly three if there is a limbo side in play. Contained within each round are the sides in play. After each creature on each side has taken its turn a new round begins.