**What is an Attack Action?**
	An attack action is any action that is actively an attempt to harm or impede a creature in some way. Not all attacks deal damage to the target. You can only attack with one type of Trait per turn. Once you take an attack action that expends Trait Dice you can only make attacks of the same Trait type for the rest of your turn (Ex: You cannot make a Strength based attack and a Dexterity based attack on the same turn). An attack that meets or exceeds the target's Hit VT is a hit and if it's less than the Hit VT it misses. If an attack action specifies "weapon" you may use Prowess Dice if applicable. You cannot make an attack action against a creature you can't sense.

**Types of Attack Actions**
Striking | 1 Poise point
	Striking is your primary way of dealing damage to a creature. When taking the Strike action, roll a Perception, Strength, or Dexterity melee or ranged weapon attack. If the total meets or exceeds the target's Hit VT the strike hits and if not the strike misses. If nothing prevents the hit, normally a defensive action, you deal the weapon's damage to the target.
Disarming | 2 Poise points
	When taking the Disarm action, roll a Strength or Dexterity melee weapon attack or Perception ranged weapon attack against the target. If the total meets or exceeds the target's Hit VT you knock an item free from the creature's hands or anywhere else on it's body where it can easily be seen and striked such as hanging from a belt or backpack. The item falls 3 tiles away from the target in a direction of your choosing. If you take this strike with a melee weapon and have a free hand you can choose to catch the item as part of this action.
Tripping | 2 Poise points
	When taking the Trip action, roll a Strength or Dexterity melee weapon attack against the target. If the total meets or exceeds the target's Hit VT the target falls Prone. A Prone creature has its total movement tiles reduced by half and its melee attacks apply 1 Negative Die. Additionally, it only gains 1 temp tile from taking the Dodge action. To stand the prone creature must expend half its total walking tiles.
Tackling | 2 Poise points
	When taking the Tackle action, roll a Strength melee attack against the target. If the total meets or exceeds the target's Hit VT they are successfully tackled by you. While tackled a creature cannot expend its movement tiles and it applies 1 Negative Die to its strikes. While tackling a creature moving or being moved ends the tackle.
Grappling | 2 Poise points
	When taking the Grapple action, roll a Strength melee attack against the target. If the total meets or exceeds the target's Hit VT they are successfully grappled by you. While grappling a creature both you and the target have your movement tiles halved. When either you or the grappled creature move the other moves with it. Additionally, you apply 1 Positive Die to strikes against the creature you're grappling. You must have at least one free hand to take the Grapple action. While grappling a creature no smaller than one size category less than you you can use them as partial cover against ranged attacks as if by the Use Cover action, but shooting through your cover also deals half damage to the grappled creature. You can take the Grapple action as a defensive action in response to falling if there is something within melee range to Grapple onto.
Shoving | 2 Poise points
	When taking the Shove action, roll a Strength melee attack against the target. If the total meets or exceeds the target's Hit VT the target is shoved 3 tiles away from its current position in a direction of your choosing.
Throwing | 2 Poise points
	When taking the Throw action, roll a Strength melee attack against the target. If the total meets or exceeds the target creature's Hit VT the target is thrown a number of tiles equal to the number of Strength Trait Dice you have multiplied by 2 with a minimum of 1 tile. You must be grappling a target to make a Throw action against it. When throwing an object, the VT equals the number of tiles you're attempting to throw it.

**What is a Defensive Action?**
	A defensive action is any action that is made in attempt to protect oneself or others from harm. Not all defensive actions simply negate incoming damage. Defensive actions are reactions to an outside force, meaning they are actions that can only be taken when you are hit. Unlike attack actions, defense actions are not limited to one Trait type once you expend Trait Dice to take one. You can dodge, parry, and block all in the same round if you have the resources to do so. You cannot take a defensive action against a creature you can't sense.

**Types of Defensive Actions**
Dodging | 3 Poise points
	When you are hit with an attack you can attempt to cause the attack to miss by dodging. When taking the Dodge action, roll your Dexterity Trait Dice. If the total meets or exceeds the number rolled to hit you it misses instead. Whether the dodge is successful or not, you gain 3 temp tiles till the end of your turn. On a critical success you gain an additional amount of temp tiles equal to your total amount of Dexterity Trait Dice. Area of effect (AOE) attacks can only be dodged if expending the 3 temp tiles granted to you by this action would move you out of range of the AOE, if it would take more than 3 tiles to move out of the AOE you cannot dodge the attack. You can take this action when it isn't currently your turn.
Parrying | 3 Poise points
	When you are hit with an attack you can attempt to reduce the damage or cause the attack to miss entirely by parrying if you are wielding a melee weapon. When taking the Parry action, roll your Perception Trait Dice. If the total meets or exceeds the number rolled to hit you the damage is reduced or negated entirely depending on the degree of success. On a successful Parry action you negate the weapon dice damage but still take damage equal to the enemy's damage modifier. On a critical success you negate all the damage entirely. Area of effect (AOE) attacks cannot be parried. You can only take the Parry action against a ranged attack if the attacker is within your melee weapon's range. You can take this action when it isn't currently your turn.
Blocking | 3 Poise points
	When you are hit with an attack you can attempt to reduce the damage or cause the attack to miss entirely by blocking if you are wielding a shield. When taking the Block action, roll your Strength Trait Dice. If the total meets or exceeds the number rolled to hit you the damage is reduced or negated entirely depending on the degree of success. On a successful Block action you negate the weapon dice damage but still take damage equal to the enemy's damage modifier. On a critical success you negate all the damage entirely. You can take this action when it isn't currently your turn.
Catching | 3 Poise points
	When you are hit with a projectile that does not deal damage on contact, such as a timed explosive, you can attempt to catch the projectile. You can also take this action to intercept a projectile that does not deal damage on contact that passes through your space. When taking the Catch action, roll your Perception or Dexterity Trait Dice. If the total meets or exceeds the number rolled to throw the projectile you you catch it instead. On a critical success, until the end of your next turn you apply 2 Positive Dice on Throw actions taken with the caught projectile. You can take this action when it isn't currently your turn.

**Other Types of Actions**
Searching | 2 Poise points
	The Search action is used to perceive or find something that is not easy to sense at a quick glance such as a small object on an active battlefield or an invisible enemy. Searching is not specifically seeing but using all your other senses to find something as well. This means when prevented from using your primary means of sensing your surroundings/target from something such as the Blind condition, you must use the Search action to attain that information. When taking the Search action, roll your Perception Trait Dice. If the total meets or exceeds the VT to sense the specified object or creature then you are successful in identifying its location. The Search action is also used to identify an enemy's weak spots if it has any.
Stabilizing | 5 Poise points
	The Stabilize action is used to prevent another creature from succumbing to their injuries while in the Dying condition. When taking the Stabilize action, expend any three Perception, Dexterity, or Strength Trait Dice in any order. You can expend one of each type, three of the same type, or any other combination.
Sprinting
	The Sprint action is used to gain more movement tiles than a creature normally has at the cost of expending some of its Trait Dice. When taking the Sprint action, expend any number of Strength or Dexterity dice. For every die expended in this way you gain 2 temp tiles.
Reloading
	Some weapons, majority ranged weapons, need to be reloaded after expending its ammo or charges. Weapons that require reloading specify whether they expend Strength or Dexterity Trait Dice. Reloading never expends Poise points, only Trait Dice. When taking the Reload action, expend the specified amount of Trait Dice and add the specified amount of shots or charges back into the magazine of the weapon. You can only reload a one-handed weapon if you have a free hand unless the weapon is of the same weapon type (Ex: you need a free hand to reload a Handgun unless your other hand is also holding a Handgun).
Item Interactions
	When interacting with an item, expend any three Perception, Dexterity, or Strength Trait Dice in any order. You can expend one of each type, three of the same type, or any other combination. The number of Poise points it costs to use and whether the item is used during your turn or any time during the round is individual to each item.
Free Actions
	Many simple, non-exerting actions require no expenditure of Poise or Trait Dice. Free actions are not *entirely* free though, after using a Free action once it costs a relevant Trait Die to do again. Some examples of a Free action include opening an unlocked door, unsheathing/sheathing a weapon, or handing an object to someone. Free actions are inherently non-descript and are left to GM discretion to whether they should or should not cost expenditure of player resources.

**Readying Actions**
	Sometimes a situation calls for delaying an action till something else happens before it. When you ready an action specify a trigger that must take place before you take the action, such as striking a creature triggered by a combat starting. When you take a readied action the Poise point cost is doubled. If the action is normally free it costs 1 Poise point instead. You can ready any action other than defensive actions. You can only ready an action on your turn, but the action can take place at any time during a round as soon as its trigger condition is met. If the trigger of your readied action isn't met by the start of your next turn your action dissipates but you lose no Poise points.

**Unarmed Combat**
	When attacking without a weapon and just your body whether its punching, kicking, headbutting, or anything else it's considered an unarmed attack. You only need one free hand or leg to make an attack with your unarmed. All melee attack actions are made with unarmed unless you use a weapon for actions like the Strike or Disarm actions. Your unarmed strikes are Strength or Dexterity 1tl. range melee attacks that deal 1d4+STR/DEX blunt damage.

**Improvised Combat**
	When using the environment to your advantage the damage or other weapon information is hard to make individual rules for within the game because of the specific circumstances that need to be taken into account. As a general rule, simple things like throwing an enemy into a wall or hitting someone with a chair should do somewhere within the realm of 1d4+STR damage. For most situations it's up to the GM's interpretation of the specific circumstances like the weapon's nature, size, and weight among other things.