Sometimes during combat you'll encounter enemies with ranged attacks and need to use "cover" to avoid being hit. Cover is any object, or creature, that you can use to put in between yourself and a ranged enemy to impose a disadvantage on their attacks. There are two types of cover:
Full Cover
	A creature is in full cover if it's on the opposite side of any object or creature that you can neither slightly see through or around, or blindly attack through in an attempt to penetrate the cover and possibly hit. Some common examples of full cover might be a building, large boulder, or solid metal structure. A creature does not need to take any action to be in full cover, simply putting the object or creature in between itself and its attacker is enough to warrant being in full cover. You cannot make an attack action against a creature that's in full cover. 
Partial Cover
	A creature is in partial cover if it's on the opposite side of any object or creature that you can either slightly see through or around, or blindly attack through in an attempt to penetrate the cover and possibly hit. Some common examples of partial cover might be a door, tree, small rock, flipped furniture, fence, rock wall, or other short partition. Unlike being in full cover, a creature must use the Take Cover action to benefit from being in partial cover.
Essentially, if there is something in between your target and yourself that is substantially blocking your vision, or that cannot easily be attacked through, it is in cover. To what degree it can't be seen or can't be attacked determines whether it's in full or partial cover.

**Attacking Targets In Partial Cover**
	Unlike being being in full cover, a target in partial cover can still be attacked with some penalties applied to the attacker. When taking an attack action against a target with partial cover you can choose between two options of attack that determine the penalty to your attack. You can choose to penetrate through the cover with your attack or you can choose to try aiming for a portion of your target that is exposed. When attempting to penetrate the cover to hit your target you cannot take any action but the Strike action, and any damage you deal is halved. When attempting to hit a small exposed portion of your target from around or over its cover you must apply 2 Negative Dice to the attack roll.

**Cover and AOEs**
	While in partial or full cover from the origin of an AOE you do not suffer the effects of of being in the AOE. The one exception to this is the amorphous property that some AOEs process. Amorphous AOEs can bend around corners and fit through small spaces allowing them to ignore cover regardless of whether its partial or full. If it can reasonably get around or through a surface to reach you, it effects you. A common example of an amorphous AOE might be a gas or spore cloud.

**The Use Cover Action:**
Use Cover | 2 Poise points | Action
	When standing within 1tl. of an object or creature that may provide partial cover you can take the Use Cover action to benefit from being in partial cover. While in partial cover enemies must choose to either add 2 Negative Dice to their attack roll or be limited to only the Strike action and deal half damage when attacking you. Taking any action other than a defensive action will take you out of cover. Expending movement tiles will take you out of cover unless you are moving while Prone. You can take this action when it isn't currently your turn.