**Hit Point Damage**
	Once you've hit a target with a Strike action or other action/ability that does damage you roll the specified Damage Dice and add any applicable damage modifiers. The target's HP is reduced by the total amount.

**Adding Damage Modifiers**
	Some things that deal damage will have a flat damage modifier added to the Damage Dice. There are two types of damage modifier, general damage modifiers and weapon damage modifiers. General damage modifiers are modifiers that are simply added to the damage roll for the amount specified. They are not calculated from anything and are specifically tied to what specifies their use. Weapon damage modifiers are different from general damage modifiers because they are calculated using the weapon's associated Physical Trait Die type. When rolling for damage with a weapon, the weapon's damage modifier is equal to the amount of dice you have with that weapon's associated Trait Die type.
	For example, if a character has 3 Strength Dice and you make a damage roll with a Strength weapon, you add +3 to the weapon's Damage Dice result. So a Strength weapon that deals 1d8 damage and rolls a 5 adds +3 more damage for a total of 8 damage.
	Both general and weapon damage modifiers are the same type of damage as whatever they're being added to.

**Dying & Death**
	Once a player character reaches 0 HP they begin dying. A dying PC immediately falls Prone, can't expend any movement tiles besides walking tiles, and cannot take any actions with a Poise point cost. For the most part unless decided otherwise by the GM, creatures other than player characters do not begin dying, they simply die outright once they reach 0HP.
	A dying PC lasts three rounds before they die from their injuries. Additionally, the dying PC loses a round before it dies for every negative integer of damage it takes that mirrors the total amount of Constitution and Psyche Trait Dice it has with a minimum of 1. For example, a PC with 2 Constitution and 2 Psyche Trait Dice loses a round before death at -4HP, another round at -8HP, and out right dies at -12HP. Similarly, being healed above these negative integers will give the PC another round before death.
	Dying can be prevented by being healed to at least 1 HP, or by another creature taking the Stabilize action on the dying creature. A creature can stabilize themselves by expending all their Poise points with a minimum of 5. A creature stabilized in either way becomes Unconscious for 4 hours during which the Unconscious status effect can only be ended prematurely by regaining hit points.
	Once this amount of turns passes or the maximum negative damage threshold is met, the player character dies. Regardless of any healing or stabilizing once a player character dies, they are dead forever.

**Hit Point & Poise Point Healing**
	When you receive healing you simply add the specified amount and type back to your HP or Poise points. You cannot heal over your HP or Poise point maximum, and you cannot heal either once dead.

**Temporary Hit Points & Poise Points**
	Temp HP and PP takes priority before your normal HP and PP. Damage that's dealt to you reduces your temp HP before it reduces your normal HP, acting as a sort of temporary damage preventing barrier. Same applies to expending Poise points, temp PP takes priority. As the name implies all temp HP and PP is temporary and goes away after the specified amount of time passes or other condition is met. Temp HP and PP cannot be healed, and gaining temp HP or PP removes any other temp HP or PP you have.

**Hit Point & Poise Point Maximum**
	Some times things may reduce or increase your maximum HP or PP. All things that effect your maximum HP and PP are temporary besides increases from gaining more Hit Point Dice or Trait Dice from leveling. Things other than level increases that effect HP or PP will have a specified amount of time they last or condition that must be met before they end. If something reduces your HP or PP maximum to 0 you die outright.

**Armor Damage Reduction**
	Wearing armor gives you a reduction to a specified type of damage. Armor damage reduction is *always* the final thing to be calculated when taking the damage, coming after any and all abilities that effect taking damage. The one exception to this rule is temp HP, which is effected after the damage has been reduced by armor. Armor can only reduce damage to a minimum of 1 point.