**Types of Damage**
- Acid - Corrosive melting liquid or gas spewed by various creatures and weapons
- Ballistic - High speed ranged projectiles such as those shot from a shotgun or bow
- Blade - Sharp, slashing weapons such as swords or claws
- Bleed - Internal hemorrhaging that causes the gradual loss of blood or in machine creatures other fluids and gases needed to function
- Blunt - Bludgeoning, crushing weapons such as fists or a falling boulder
- Explosive - Extreme heat, force from the releasing of pressure, and shredding from shrapnel and other debris combined in the fraction of a second
- Fire - Extremely hot, searing pain from weapons such as a flamethrower
- Frost - Extremely cold, chilling pain from weapons such as a frostthrower
- Laser - Precise, deep burning and immediate cauterization of the wound from high powered and focused beams of light
- Plasma - Super-heated, ionized gas so devastating it instantaneously vaporizes matter it comes into contact with
- Psychic - Piercing and invading surges of pain in the core of one's being almost exclusively caused by angels and wisps
- Pulse - Sudden jolts of powerful electromagnetic energy from anti-machine weaponry
- Radiation - Almost imperceptible destruction of cells and wires often from irradiated areas
- Sonic - Powerful sound vibrations that reach destructive resonances
- Toxin - Sickening and debilitating pain of all sorts most often caused by an attack from a venomous animal or poisonous plant
- Volt - Shocking, sudden jolts of high amp electricity from weapons such as a tesla cannon

**Status Effects**
There are many different types of status effect, some effect the mind like Frenzied or effect the body like Blinded. Some are effects applies by elements like Ablaze and Electrified. And some effects are very rare and specific to certain creatures or locations like Raptured or Irradiated. They all have one thing in common and that's that they are conditions a creature is actively suffering from. Some status effects have specific ways of ending them but most must be waited out for a specified time. A creature can only suffer from one instance of a given status effect at a time. Applying a status effect to a creature it already suffers from does not stack the status effect it just replaces it.

**Types of Status Effects**
- Ablaze - An Ablaze creature takes 1d10 fire damage at the start of each of its turns. The Ablaze status effect can be ended prematurely by taking frost damage or by moving one tile while Prone.
- Blinded - A Blinded creature cannot use any type of sight to sense a creature and has 2 Negative Dice applied to its Search actions.
- Deafened - A Deafened creature cannot use any type of hearing to sense a creature and has 2 Negative Dice applied to its Search actions.
- Dissolving - A Dissolving creature takes 1d8 acid damage at the start of each of its turns and any armor it's wearing loses all damage reduction.
- Electrified - An Electrified creature takes 2d4 volt damage at the start of each of its turns and creatures within 1 tile of an Electrified creature take half the volt damage dealt.
- Frenzied - A Frenzied creature must spend its turn to move as close as it can get to the nearest creature it senses and take the Strike action against it. On a successful hit the Frenzied creature can act normally for the rest of its turn.
- Frightened - A Frightened creature has the Poise point cost of all actions taken against a creature its Frightened of doubled.
- Frozen - A Frozen creature takes 1d8 frost damage at the start of each of its turns and takes an additional 2d4 frost damage if it becomes Prone or takes fall damage. The Frozen status effect can be ended prematurely by taking fire damage.
- Hemorrhaged - A Hemorrhaged creature takes 1d6 bleed damage at the start of each of its turns. The Hemorrhaged status effect can only be ended by taking the Stabilize action on yourself or another creature with this status effect.
- Hollowed - A Hollowed creature loses 1d4 Poise points at the end of each of its turns and loses an additional 2d4 Poise points if it ends its turn without direct line of sight of an allied creature. Additionally, the Hollowed creature cannot take or benefit from synergy actions
- Invisible - Traditionally, Invisible refers to light reflective sight but the Invisible status effect can pertain to any effect that inhibits a creature from sensing another creature with a specific type of sense. An Invisible creature cannot be sensed with normal means and requires a Search action to identify its location with some other specified means of sensing it. You cannot target an Invisible creature you cannot sense. After a successful Search action against the Invisible creature you can target it as normal until the end of your turn or until the enemy moves. Additionally, an Invisible creature is always stealthing regardless of any action or condition that would end its stealth. The Search action VT to locate it is equal to its passive stealth total.
- Irradiated - An Irradiated creature takes 2d4 radiation damage at the start of each of its turns and the creature's maximum HP is reduced by the amount of damage dealt. This maximum HP damage is healed after resting for at least 1 hour. Additionally, the creature's Constitution Trait rolls apply 2 Negative Dice.
- Poise Fatigue - A creature with Poise Fatigue cannot spend additional Poise points to succeed on failed rolls. Additionally, for every negative Poise point that the creature has it must subtract that number from *all* its rolls besides damage rolls. A creature that meets or exceeds negative half of its Poise point maximum becomes Unconscious for 4 hours during which the Unconscious status effect cannot be ended in any other way.
- Toxicated - A Toxicated creature takes 1d6 toxin damage at the start of each of its turns and it cannot take more than one defensive action per turn.
- Pacified - A Pacified creature cannot take more than one attack action per turn. Additionally, the Pacified creature has 2 Negative Die applied to its Psyche Trait rolls.
- Prone - A Prone creature has its movement tiles reduced by half and its melee attacks apply 1 Negative Die. Additionally, it only gains 1 temp tile from taking the Dodge action. To stand the prone creature must expend half its total walking tiles.
- Raptured - A Raptured creature takes 1d12 psychic damage at the start of each of its turns and takes an additional 1d12 psychic damage if it ends its turn while in direct line of sight of the thing that applied this status effect. In addition, a Raptured creature sees only in black and white and is imperceptible to all non-Raptured creatures.
- Restrained - A Restrained creature cannot take any action that requires an open hand or item to be held, cannot expend its movement tiles, and cannot take the Dodge action. The Restrained status effect assumes both hands and legs are restrained. There are two more specific sub-categories of this status effect as follows:
	- Restrained (Hands) - A creature with its hands restrained cannot take any action that requires an open hand or an item to be held.
	- Restrained (Legs) - A creature with its legs (or other means of movement such as wings) restrained cannot expend its movement tiles and cannot take the Dodge action.
- Staggered (1-3) - A Staggered creature cannot take any action with a Poise point cost over a specified amount. This status effect ranges in severity from only actions with a Poise point cost of over 3 to only actions with a Poise point cost over 1.
- Unconscious - An Unconscious creature cannot expend movement tiles or take actions, and is considered Blinded and Deafened (only Blind if put Unconscious by sleeping). For every hour a creature is Unconscious they gain the benefits of resting, unless they are Exhausted in which they lose a tier of Exhaustion.