**Level 1**
Prowess Dice | Long Rifle
	You have 1 Prowess Die when using a Long Rifle weapon. You get an additional Prowess Die at levels 4, 8, 12, and 16.
Deadly Accuracy
	When making an attack action with a Long Rifle weapon, the critical success VT is considered 5 less. Additionally, on a critical success with a Long Rifle weapon attack your modifier damage is doubled alongside your damage dice.

**Level 3**
Steady Marksman
	Long Rifle Prowess Dice you don't expend during a round can be saved and added to your Long Rifle weapon attack actions during subsequent turns. These saved Prowess Dice can only be stacked to a maximum of 20 without including your normal Prowess Dice. Additionally, you start every combat encounter with a reservoir of saved Prowess Dice equal to the total amount of Long Rifle Prowess Dice you have. These saved Prowess Dice dissipate once the combat finishes.

**Level 7**
Precision-shot | 5 Poise points | Attack action
	When taking the Precision-shot action, roll a Perception Long Rifle weapon attack against the target. If the total meets or exceeds the target's Hit VT the target takes the weapon damage and in addition takes bonus damage equal to half the total rolled to hit the creature. This action only doubles the weapon damage dice and modifier damage on a critical success, it does not double the bonus damage.

**Level 11**
Powerful Caliber
	After a successful Strike or Precision-shot action against a creature with a Long Rifle weapon you can choose to deal additional damage to creatures standing in a straight line across from the creature. This additional damage is equal to half the damage dealt to the previous creature to a maximum of 3 creatures after the initial target before this additional damage cannot be dealt. Additionally, when shooting through penetrable partial cover to hit a creature you can ignore the halved damage.

**Level 15**
Catastrophic Criticals
	Critical successes with Long Rifle weapons force the target to make a Constitution Trait roll against a VT equal to half the damage dealt. On a failure, the creature takes double the total damage. Additionally, critical successes with Long Rifle weapon attacks cannot be forced to miss with a defensive action but instead are forced to normal successes instead.