**Level 1**
Prowess Dice | Auto Rifle
	You have 1 Prowess Die when using an Auto Rifle weapon. You get an additional Prowess Die at levels 4, 8, 12, and 16.
Recoil Control
	Instead of rolling your Prowess Dice you can choose to apply a +5 bonus to the roll for each expended Prowess Die instead. You can do either per individual Prowess Die used on an attack action. Additionally, you cannot critically fail on attack actions with Auto Rifle weapons.

**Level 3**
Tactical Marksman
	Taking an attack action with an Auto Rifle weapon while using cover or Prone allows you to add the total sum of your Perception Trait Dice to the roll. Additionally, for every successful attack action with an Auto Rifle weapon while behind cover or Prone you can apply a +5 bonus to your next defensive action.

**Level 7**
Spray | 5 Poise points | Attack action
	When taking the Spray action, roll a Perception Auto Rifle weapon attack against a number of targets equal to the amount of shots currently in your magazine. If the total meets or exceeds a target's Hit VT they take damage equal to the weapon's damage dice but they do not take modifier damage. Only roll your weapon's damage dice once and apply that roll to all creature's hit. Critical successes double the damage dice only for that creature, not all hit by the attack.

**Level 11**
Mag Dump
	When taking the Strike action with an Auto Rifle weapon you can expend multiple shots as part of the same action, each shot deals the weapon's damage dice but the damage modifier is only applied once like normal. Additionally, shooting a magazine from full to empty with one Strike action applies the Hemorrhaged status effect to the target.

**Level 15**
Trigger Discipline
	When a creature takes a defensive action against one of your Auto Rifle weapon attacks, but before you know the result of the roll, you can choose to expend an Auto Rifle Prowess Die to ignore the defensive action and succeed regardless of its result. Additionally, when you ready an attack action with an Auto Rifle weapon the Poise point cost is as normal.