**Level 1**
Prowess Dice | Bow
	You have 1 Prowess Die when using a Bow weapon. You get an additional Prowess Die at levels 4, 8, 12, and 16.
Bow Versatility
	When you wield a two-handed Bow weapon it is considered a one-handed weapon instead, allowing you to use your reloading hand as if it were a free hand. You can use your Bow weapon's ammunition as a one-handed Dexterity melee weapon that deals the weapons damage halved. Additionally, your first Reload action with a Bow weapon on your turn is free.

**Level 3**
Hunter's Hinderance
	Successful Strike or Pin actions against a creature with a Bow weapon will leave the weapon's projectile lodged in them. For every shot lodged into a creature it has a -1 penalty to its attack actions. The creature can expend 1 Strength Trait Die to remove 2 shots from its body as an action.

**Level 7**
Pin | 5 Poise points | Attack action
	When taking the Pin action, roll a Perception Bow weapon attack against the target. If the total meets or exceeds the target's Hit VT it takes the weapon's damage and is pinned to a nearby surface such as a floor or wall within 1 tile of it. If there is no surface within 1 tile of the target it is not pinned. While pinned a creature cannot expend its movement tiles, can't take the Dodge action, and attacks against it apply 1 Positive Die. The creature can un-pin itself by taking the Grapple action against the projectile pinning them with a VT equal to the total rolled to hit the creature.

**Level 11**
Blood Letting
	The penalty applied by "Hunter's Hinderance" is increased to -2 per projectile. When a creature removes a projectile from itself, including projectiles pinning it, it takes an amount of bleed damage equal to your total amount of Bow Prowess Dice and has the Hemorrhaged status effect applied to it.

**Level 15**
Hunter's Mark
	When you make an attack action with a Bow weapon against a creature that has your projectiles lodged in them you deal an additional amount of damage equal to the amount of projectiles lodged in the creature multiplied by 2 (including the projectile lodged in the creature as part of the triggering attack action).