**Level 1**
Prowess Dice | Short Blade
	You have 1 Prowess Die when using a Short Blade weapon. You get an additional Prowess Die at levels 4, 8, 12, and 16.
Precision Piercing
	When making an attack action with a Short Blade weapon, the critical success VT is considered 2 less for every Short Blade Prowess Dice you have and your modifier damage is doubled alongside your damage dice on critical successes with the Strike or Shank actions.

**Level 3**
Lethal Riposte
	When using a Short Blade weapon to take the Parry action you apply 2 Positive Dice to your next Short Blade weapon attack against the parried creature and that creature's critical success VT is reduced by an additional 2 for every Short Blade Prowess Die you have.

**Level 7**
Shank | 5 Poise points | Attack action
	When taking the Shank action, roll a Strength or Dexterity Short Blade weapon attack against a the target. If the total meets or exceeds the target's Hit VT you deal triple damage and apply the Hemorrhaged status effect. When you apply the Hemorrhaged status effect to a creature in this way the Poise point cost to take the Stabilize action to remove the status effect is doubled.

**Level 11**
Up Close and Personal
	When dealing damage to a Prone, Restrained, tackled, or grappled creature with a Short Blade weapon you deal add additional 1d12 damage die and apply the Hemorrhaged status effect. Additionally, bleed damage dealt by the Hemorrhaged status effect is doubled when applied by you.

**Level 15**
To The Hilt
	If you deal damage equal to or greater than half a creature's current HP with a Short Blade weapon, its HP is reduced to 0 regardless of any HP it has left. Additionally, bleed damage dealt by the Hemorrhaged status effect is tripled instead of doubled when applied by you.