**Level 1**
Prowess Dice | Long Blunt
	You have 1 Prowess Die when using a Long Blunt weapon. You get an additional Prowess Die at levels 4, 8, 12, and 16.
Heavy Hitter
	You can use a Long Blunt weapon to take the Shove action. When taking the Shove action in this way you deal half weapon damage to the target. If the forced movement from a Shove action taken in this way causes the creature to hit an object that could be considered partial or full cover you can add an additional 1d6 damage die to the attack.

**Level 3**
Wrecking Ball
	Hitting a Strike action with a Long Blunt weapon during the same round in which you've taken fall damage transfers half of the fall damage taken to the target creature as part of the weapon damage. Moving or taking any other action beside the Strike action once you begin your turn negates this bonus. Additionally, you deal double damage to inanimate structures and objects with Long Blunt weapons.

**Level 7**
Whirlwind | 5 Poise points | Attack action
	When taking the Whirlwind action, roll a Strength or Dexterity Long Blunt weapon attack against all creatures within your weapon's range. If the total meets or exceeds a target's Hit VT it deals damage and knocks the target 1 tile away from you. While making this attack, if you choose, you can consider your weapon's range 1tl. larger.

**Level 11**
Heaviest Hitter
	Shove actions using Long Blunt weapons deal full damage instead of half damage and move the target by 6 tiles instead of 3. Shoving a creature into another creature this way causes both creatures to take the additional 1d6 damage die. Additionally, critical successes on Shove actions using Long Blunt weapons also knock the target, and any target they hit, Prone.

**Level 15**
Unstoppable Force
	A creature that takes the Parry or Block action against a Long Blunt weapon attack from you suffers from the Staggered (2) status effect until the start of your next turn.