**When To Roll**
	While socially interacting with another creature you might intend to influence the creature in some way through your words or actions. When you intend to change a creature's emotions or thoughts during a social engagement your GM might ask you to roll your Social Trait Dice to determine your success or failure.
	Dice work slightly differently when determining social encounter outcomes than compared to most other rolls. Victory Thresholds are not pre-calculated but rather set in the moment with an "opposing roll". When you attempt to influence a creature you take the Influence action, allowing yourself and the target creature to roll against each other. If you roll higher than the creature's roll you succeed, and if you roll lower you fail. The Influence action and the opposing roll VT dynamic are the foundation that social encounters and mechanics are primarily built upon.

**The Influence Action**
Influence | 0 +1 Poise point per Social Trait Die expended after the first | Social action
	When taking the Influence action, roll the corresponding Social Trait Die type that your GM specifies per what you say/do to influence the target. This action's Poise point cost is by default 0, but for every Social Trait Die expended after the first die the cost increases by 1 Poise point. As part of this action the target also rolls the same specified Social Trait Die type. If you roll higher than the target's roll you succeed, and if you roll lower than the target's roll you fail.

**Important Social Action Notes**
	PCs cannot under any circumstance take a social action against another PC. NPCs interact with social actions differently than PCs. NPCs cannot under any circumstance take a social action against a PC, they can only take social actions against other NPCs. NPCs cannot under any circumstance expend Poise points to succeed on a failed social action. When an NPC takes a social action the Poise point cost is always 0. When an NPC rolls its Social Trait Dice for a social action, whether targeted by the action or taking it, the NPC must roll all of its available Social Trait Dice in the specified category.

**Not Mind Control | Socializing Common Sense**
	While the frequent use of the terms "succeed and fail" may make socializing seem black and white it is important to remember succeeding or failing a social situation is, to the utmost extreme, subjective. The outcome of an Influence action will change immensely depending on so many variables its impossible to list them all. Specifically things like the Social Trait type that is used and the words the player says will reflect in the outcome of the roll. It's also important to remember that NPCs are often their own thinking and feeling creatures with their own goals, aspirations, and personalities. An NPC won't simply be compelled to jump off a cliff because an Influence action against them to do so critically succeeded. While that is an extreme example, it does well to explain that the Influence action is not mind control, and an NPC will react reasonably and accordingly to a success or failure.
	As for the GMs running the NPCs, do not take the above text to give excuse to undermine the social successes of your players. Success and failure still means success and failure, its just that social encounters are an overwhelming gray area that you are appointed and *trusted* as the arbiter of. Also, do not be afraid to apply Positive and Negative dice to an Influence action for either party. In fact it is advisable to do the complete opposite. As a GM running a social encounter you should always be on the look out for opportunities to reward your players with Positive dice for creativity, outstanding roleplay, and generally well articulated socializing that might give them an advantage in influencing a creature. And the same is true for Negative dice.