**NPC Characteristics | Social Strengths & Weaknesses**
	Sentient NPCs, non-player character creatures with a higher level of consciousness and awareness than most other creatures, have innate characteristics that give them social strengths and social weaknesses. These strengths and weaknesses represent a sentient NPC's inner monologue, their elevated sense of self and agency they hold within the world. Social strengths and weaknesses are represented mechanically as a bonus or penalty to their Social Trait Die rolls when rolling a Social Trait type they have a strength or weakness in. Social strengths apply a bonus added to the roll equal to the total amount of Social Trait Dice the NPC has. Social weaknesses apply a penalty subtracted from the roll equal to the total amount of Social Trait Dice the NPC has. Every sentient NPC has at least 1 social strength and at least 1 social weakness.

**The Insight Action | Identifying NPC Characteristics**
Insight | 1 Poise point | Social action
	In order to know and use an NPC's characteristics to your advantage you must identify its characteristics first with the Insight action. When taking the Insight action, choose a Social Trait Die type and roll all your dice of the type you specify. The target creature also rolls all their Social Trait Dice of the specified type. If you roll higher than the target's roll you succeed and learn if the target has a strength or weakness in the specified trait type. If you roll lower than the target's roll you fail and do not learn any information about the target's characteristics. NPCs do not apply the bonus or penalty granted to them by their characteristics to this roll.